HOMEPAGE CONTENT DIFFERENCE FOUND!
Old URL: http://www.cdosmiles.com
New URL: http://cdosmiles.televox.west.com
Old content: Welcome to Smiles By CDO ! Pediatric Dentists & Orthodontists in San Antonio Thank you for visiting the website of the best lineup of pediatric dentists and orthodontists in San Antonio, TX: Jarod Oliver, D.D.S. , Cele Oliver, D.D.S., DHSc and Kevin Woody, D.M.D ! By offering pediatric dentistry and orthodontics together in our San Antonio, Texas location, Dr. Oliver and his staff have the unique opportunity to get to know patients as they grow and to establish a rapport with each of them. Comprehensive Pediatric Dental Care From a very early age, dentistry for children is paramount. We believe early dental care can promote a lifetime of healthy smiles. To ensure that your child grows up with a healthy smile, we offer sealants, fluoride treatments, tooth-colored fillings and regular check-ups. Orthodontics for All Ages In addition to quality pediatric dental care, we also provide early orthodontic treatment for children and comprehensive care for adolescents and adults using traditional appliances, clear braces and Invisalign , which straightens teeth using a series of clear, customized, removable aligners. No matter what age the patient is, we will ensure they get personalized attention and service to get the results they want! Appointment Request Payments Patient Reviews
New content: Welcome to Smiles By CDO ! Pediatric Dentists & Orthodontists in San Antonio Thank you for visiting the website of the best lineup of pediatric dentists and orthodontists in San Antonio, TX: Jarod Oliver, D.D.S. , Cele Oliver, D.D.S., DHSc and Kevin Woody, D.M.D ! By offering pediatric dentistry and orthodontics together in our San Antonio, Texas location, Dr. Oliver and his staff have the unique opportunity to get to know patients as they grow and to establish a rapport with each of them. Comprehensive Pediatric Dental Care From a very early age, dentistry for children is paramount. We believe early dental care can promote a lifetime of healthy smiles. To ensure that your child grows up with a healthy smile, we offer sealants, fluoride treatments, tooth-colored fillings and regular check-ups. Orthodontics for All Ages In addition to quality pediatric dental care, we also provide early orthodontic treatment for children and comprehensive care for adolescents and adults using traditional appliances, clear braces and Invisalign , which straightens teeth using a series of clear, customized, removable aligners. No matter what age the patient is, we will ensure they get personalized attention and service to get the results they want! Call Us Today 210-495-5437 Map & Directions Patient Forms Appointment Request Payments Patient Reviews
-----------------------------------------------
